# Letter 43 — Steven A. Collazo

- **Date:** 2026-05-06
- **Source:** https://www.sec.gov/comments/S7-2026-15/s7202615-769027-2357974.html

---

As far as reporting goes, it seems like this piece of legislation is made to deregulate the stock market further and loosen rules that have already worked well in favor of investors and maintain the trust that helps the stock market outpace the real economy.

Most recently, the gains achieved on April occured thanks to Q1's reports being mostly positive after what seemed to be an uncertain time in March. If companies were given the option to perform semi-annual reporting, they'll go through the path of least resistance and leave investors in the dark as to their daily operations. A better option would be to provide enough incentive to perform quarterly, bimonthly or monthly reporting that the only companies that choose semi-annual reporting are the ones where they see redundancy compared to the benefits provided to them and the shareholders to performing quarterly reports.

Unless the world miraculously stabilized overnight, quarterly reporting keeps all investors up to date with the constant goings of the planet, which helps maintain premiums in stock market prices as any uncertainty is quelled by financial reporting.

Beyond the financial gains, I and other investors have found the quarterly reports quite useful and properly up-to-date. Usually, anything that is more than a few months old will lose its relevance and it will happen much sooner if something major happens like a war, or tariffs, or the many stints of the current administration that have affected business on more than just a quarterly basis. Institutionals and individual investors alike will not only benefit from quarterly reports, but from more frequent reporting the likes Progressive (PGR) have achieved with their monthly updates. There have also been times when I've been able to make use of quarterly reports to avoid entire bankruptcies that would have happened months later due to how quickly some financials have deteriorated. Semi-annual reports put investors at greater risk of financial loss and may erode the trust and goodwill of the US stock market at a global level, as fraud can be more easily achieved with more lax reporting requirements.
