# Letter 06 — Derek White

- **Date:** 2026-05-07
- **Source:** https://www.sec.gov/comments/S7-2026-15/s7202615-771007-2360834.html

---

Subject: File No. S7-2026-15
From: Derek White

Allowing semi-annual reporting in lieu of quarterly reporting is an extremely BAD idea. If anything, reporting should be more regular and timely such as monthly or weekly. Every good company knows its financial status at any given time. Prior to my current position, I managed several billion dollars of hotel real estate and I would receive daily reports, weekly reports and comprehensive monthly reporting within days of month-end on the portfolio. Any good manager of any company would. Why do you want to put us individual ("retail") investors at such a HUGE DISADVANTAGE by reducing the amount of reporting I receive from companies I am invested in. My sole income and livelyhood is derived from my investment portfolio, the majority of which comprises public stock holdings. We need MONTHLY reporting not less. I need to know what is happening at the companies in which I am invested. Please do NOT reduce the amount of reporting as we do not receive enough now as it is. Most troubling is the asymmetry of data that exists under the current reporting scheme and this will only become worse if companies are allowed to go to semi-annual reporting. The number of employees, insiders, regulators, government staff and others that would have information BEFORE regular investors will only increase under this scheme and will HURT regular investors.

Please do NOT allow semi-annual reporting. We need more and more regular reporting that is timely, accurate and relevant from the public companies in which we invest.

Thank you
