# Letter 11 — REITup Advisers

- **Date:** 2026-05-07
- **Source:** https://www.sec.gov/comments/S7-2026-15/s7202615-770967-2360817.html

---

Subject: File No. S7-2026-15
From: REITup Advisers

SEC Staff,

I'd like to start by acknowledging the fantastic job this team is doing. The tone of the Commission with establishing rules instead of rule making by enforcement is appreciated across all my clients and peers.

While I understand the general sentiment of this rule I have some questions regarding the mechanics. The most important is what will the "semi-annual" form be and what disclosures will be required? A Form 10-K, which I assume will remain unchanged for the purposes of this comment, is far more burdensome to issuers than a Form 10-Q. I would have to imagine that instead of three 10-Qs, there will be something similar to the Form N-CSRS in that it's a semi annual report with more requirements than a 10-Q but fewer than a 10-K. Learning how these forms work, the required rules / new disclosure requirements and inaugural creation of the form may lead filers to conclude it's not worth filing in a short window every quarter. Large accelerated filers (and most listed companies in general) will likely continue to report quarterly earnings data regardless of the disclosure requirements, which is the bulk of the work. The problem here is that this earnings data will not have a required disclosure to accompany it.

If this rule is eventually approved, I think it would be good practice to explore how Investment Companies use form N-PORT to disclose information instead of a full annual / semi-annual report. I think there should be some requirement to fill out a quarterly form document if that issuer decides to report "earnings" data or else that data simply has no context for the investors and it is not comparable. In short I don't think companies should have the latitude to disclose earnings information on a quarterly basis but file standard GAAP numbers only semi-annually.

Thank you again for reviewing these public comments and I would invite a discussion surrounding this or any topic if you'd like.
