# Letter 215 — James Silva

- **Date:** 2026-05-16
- **Source:** https://www.sec.gov/comments/S7-2026-15/s7202615-780327-2376254.html

---

Subject: File No. S7-2026-15
From: James Silva

It is important that consumers are able to retain access to as much information relating to their stock and bond trades as possible. The same applies for their ownership in these products and other financial instruments.
As a democratic society, we owe it to the consumer to put them and their welfare first.
It is not good for anyone when we give more rights to businesses, especially to large businesses, than individual American citizens and small investors.
The reality is that large financial institutions constantly lobby the government for fewer regulations to protect consumers. We have seen the damaging effects of this in 2008, 2000, and in many other instances in recent history. These efforts influenced Bernie Madoff's behavior and other massive scams as well. Even Jeffrey Epstein's horrible deeds were in some respects, hidden from public view due to fraudulent and immoral reporting by banks. It is possible that more transparency could have led to his arrest by law enforcement earlier.
I hope that we DO NOT switch to semi-annual reporting being legal in any instance. I hope that quarterly reporting remains the law in order to protect Americans.
I do realize that I am referring to some different areas of finance in this letter. My point is that strong transparency measures should be mandatory for all areas of finance.
The reality is, that in a democracy, the people should come first!!
Thank you.
