# Letter 245 — Denise Orton

- **Date:** 2026-05-17
- **Source:** https://www.sec.gov/comments/S7-2026-15/s7202615-780748-2376936.html

---

Subject: File No. S7-2026-15
From: Denise Orton

Actions PROTECTING Executives & Politicians who are able to knowingly hide financial moves to defraud investors & contractors. As a single mother working diligently to put a roof over my head and food on the table,  having my commissions held before a 90 day wait time, An  intended execution timing they never intended to pay any of us. My commissions lost, expenses never covered. $41,743.00 NOT ONE SINGLE AGENCY STOOD UP FOR "WE THE CONTRACTORS" hired  by Enron to get signed energy contracts. It was devastating. All the employees who's 401k stolen to hide their theft. A company who's top tier employees, politicians in the know, as well as other elite billionaires knew they company was going bust, all given the heads up to sell off all their soon to be totally worthless stocks. This Law, allowed that corruption to flourish and bankrupt thousands of employees and contractors. Families lost homes, marriages disolved, lives of people close to retireme t or in retirement with empty 401k. Yet the money trail never lead back to VP Cheney heavy investor, good buddy to Kenneth Lay. Only 2 people were prosecuted with OBSCENELY short prison time,  and zero assets to seize, they were all liquidated prior. Kenneth confidently passed of cancer the same day his sentencing was announced. None of us  believe he died, just like Jeffrey Epstien. STOP THE ABILITY FOR THIS KIND OF CORRUPTION TO FLORISH, OR MAKE A LAW THAT THE LAWMAKER WILL BE HELD RESPONSIBLE TO SIT IN JAIL AND HAVE THEIR OWN ASSESTS AND ACCOUNTS SEIZED TO LIVE IN OUR SHOES.
