# Michael Mosquera

- Date: 2026-05-10
- URL: https://www.sec.gov/comments/S7-2026-15/s7202615-772687-2364754.html

---

Subject: File No. S7-2026-15
From: Michael Mosquera

I have been a private investor for more than half my life. The American stock exchanges are the most liquid, efficient and with some exceptions, the most transparent and secure. However I do see two serious issues jeopardizing the competitive strengths of American public corporations.

First is short term thinking. In many cases, management is focused on exceeding quarterly expectations at the expense of long term growth. However management that focused on long term growth have built some of America's iconic corporations. Amazon, Netflix and Eli Lilly come to mind.

Second, a lack of proper oversight of management by the board of directors. In many cases, boards of directors have become rubber stamps for management. This lack of oversight eventually leads to significant corporate failures. Enron, Tyco and WorldCom come to mind.

I propose two corporate reporting options that the shareholders vote on every three years.

The first option is status quo. Change nothing with the current corporate reporting requirements.

The second option is to allow corporate reporting on an annual basis. However significant enhancements to oversight of management must be implemented.

1. Senior management such as the CEO, CFO and COO are barred from serving on the board of directors. Cannot allow the fox to watch the hen house.

2. The board of directors must be held to a higher standard of fiduciary responsibility and can be personally be held liable if they are negligent in this responsibility.

3. Significantly reduce the amount of required public reporting.

4. A section in the annual report must be required to highlight the fiduciary actions taken by the board of directors.

Giving public corporations greater flexibility in reporting requirements while requiring enhanced oversight by corporate boards will encourage management to concentrate on long term growth.
