# Nathan Powers

- Date: 2026-05-11
- URL: https://www.sec.gov/comments/S7-2026-15/s7202615-773727-2366614.html

---

Subject: File No. S7-2026-15
From: Nathan Powers

I am writing this on behalf of a large and growing chorus of regular everyday investors who would be harmed by a recently proposed rule change to the quarterly reporting system. My reasoning for being strongly against this change is as follows.

The long and storied tradition of quarterly reporting is the foundation that our current financial system relies on to keep publicly traded companies honest. To do away with this system would lead to profoundly bad outcomes as certain bad actors would be allowed to hide their misdeeds for longer and this change will result in extra unnecessary volatility in public markets.

And it's not just the large multi year frauds like Enron, Worldcom, Nikola, Wirecard, and others, it is the small almost invisible statements that are the bigger problem. Companies such as Alphabet, Under Armour, and Wells Fargo have all recently settled complaints from shareholders in regards to misleading investors in their companies. If we go to a system where companies are only required to show their books only twice per year it is easily conceivable that this minor form of fraud would be grow in scale and go undetected for longer.

This change would go deeper than just allowing hucksters and stock salesman to benefit it would also be disastrous for retail investors and perhaps even institutions. Many companies already experience tremendous volatility around their quarterly earnings reports, making the requirement only twice per year would be detonating a nuclear bomb. the share price of companies would likely collapse or soar on these infrequent reports.

I ask that you keep the status quo as it is. Quarterly reports are foundational in making sure that those who seek to misuse and abuse the system are found out quickly. It would also be beneficial to all investors to not be forced to stomach large swings in the price of their owned securities.

Thank You for your attention to this matter.
