# Letter 966 — R. Koop

- **Date:** 2026-05-27
- **Source:** https://www.sec.gov/comments/S7-2026-15/s7202615-2414106.htm

---

Subject: File No. S7-2026-15
From: R. Koop

Affiliation: 

Jun. 2, 2026

 
My name is Michelle & I have what amounts to my life savings in The stock market. It's dependent upon some financial advisor or stock broker that I've never met in my life but my company has chosen to entrust our retirement fund to. It may not be a lot to anyone at the SEC but it is everything to me. 
I would like to know one VALID, REASONABLE, reason why the group that is supposed to be protecting people such as myself is considering even allowing big business to do this. Considering they have to keep their books anyways and they have to report those earnings to their shareholders, what is the difference if they have to do that publicly? What is the amount that's being saved by them? If they just have to report that to the general public such as myself, the people that are most affected by the things that go on with that company because I have my money in it. What is the basis for even thinking about letting them do this when everyone knows that crimes of fraud and theft prosper over the longer amounts of time that it can happen without someone checking books. 
I worked as a lowly bank teller at a small bank and it was required of me to take a week's worth of vacation vacation in regular intervals because that made it easier for the bank to determine if there was any type of fraud going on. Everyone knows time is crucial to large frauds. Why in the world is the SEC who's supposed to be protecting me and the little guys out here even considering making this a thing. 
This would be the complete opposite of what your jobs are. You can not possibly justify this change.
