# Letter 48 — Andrew Neumeier

- **Date:** 2026-05-05
- **Source:** https://www.sec.gov/comments/S7-2026-15/s7202615-768567-2357154.html

---

Good Day,

I will be very brief. I have read about the proposed rule change regarding the quarterly reporting requirement by the SEC that would allow companies to file them less often, semi-annually.

My wife and I are individual investors, investing for our future, our retirement and that of our extended family. We rely on Quarterly Reports from the companies whose stock we own. It creates more transparency, and allows us to make investment decisions as we need to. We need more information, not less of it. The SEC proposal gives me less information, exactly what I do not want, the opposite of what we need to monitor our investments.

About a year ago, we sold all stock in one of our companies. We did this because of information they provided in a Quarterly Report. We were months ahead of the curve, we sold it before the trouble started that we feared from the information provided in that single report. Had that company not been required to file those reports we would have been late in our sale of that company. Our investment would have been hurt.

We ask you to leave things as they are. We request that Quarterly Reports as a SEC requirement be continued, for our own good and that of other investors. More information is better, much better. More transparency is better. We think the job of the SEC is to protect investors, you can help to protect us by requiring companies provide Quarterly Reports.

Thank you.
