# Letter 1237 — Bob Stevens

- **Date:** 2026-05-27
- **Role/Affiliation:** Individual
- **Stance:** Unclassified
- **Entity:** Unclassified
- **Rationales:** 
- **Source:** https://www.sec.gov/comments/S7-2026-15/s7202615-2426386.htm

---

Subject: File No. S7-2026-15
From: Bob Stevens

Affiliation: 

Jun. 5, 2026

 
As a retired person I am solely dependent on my management of my investments to provide funds to live on. I am very distressed that the SEC is even considering a plan to let companies hide their activities - good and bad - for 6 months without public disclosure. I need timely and accurate company information in order to properly choose between investment choices. We have already seen the effects of ethic-less company leaders and allowing them months and months and more months to hide behind non-disclosure is a danger to the investing public and even to the fund managers that a lot of us depend on in their investing choices. 
It's been said that the SEC is claiming that this 6 month approach is taking the world by storm, and it is only beneficial. Problem is it seems that is a lot of hot air. There have been numerous downsides experienced by those countries that have tried it, the UK, EU and Singapore have all seen negative consequences. The SEC's job is to protect and serve the investing public, not the devious corporate leaders who want to stack the odds in their favor and line their pockets with our money. We don't need more Madoffs, more Enrons, more SMCIs, more Worldcoms in our lives. We don't need another GFC or Internet bubble bursting. They are hard to detect as it is. We need accurate and timely information, delivered quarterly to the investing public, because these are Public Corporations. 
Do your job SEC. Ensure the marketplace is fair to everyone. Do not allow some to optionally hide behind the curtains for 6 months. 

Thank you for your attention in this manner. 
Bob Stevens 
retired investor
