# Letter 1437 — Herb Aarons

- **Date:** 2026-05-27
- **Role/Affiliation:** Individual
- **Stance:** Unclassified
- **Entity:** Unclassified
- **Rationales:** 
- **Source:** https://www.sec.gov/comments/S7-2026-15/s7202615-2431007.htm

---

Subject: File No. S7-2026-15
From: Herb Aarons

Affiliation: 

Jun. 6, 2026

 
I am a small investor with a small stock portfolio. I rely on quarterly reporting to make wise choices on buying or selling individual stocks. I use "Seeking Alpha" which provides quarterly, income, cash flow and balance sheet information.. Without quarterly reports, I and all other small investors who ;purchase equities are flying blind. We become victims without current information, patsies to the insider traders who steal us blind, insiders including polticians, corrupt regulators on the take, felons buying & selling using insider knowledge. Why should we allow the SEC to become their enablers at our expense. The market depends on trust but verify", if the SEC becomes the enabler of fraudsters, the entire middle buyer of stocks will become their victim. There absolutely no reason to lower reporting standards except to enable the ubiquitous thieves...pump and dump boiler room operaters among others. DON'T SELL US OUT BY KEEPING US IN THE DARK, SO FARM THE SEC HASN'T SUCCUMBED TO REGULATORY CAPTURE, BUT THE PROPOSAL REEKS OF jUST THAT-- ITS A BAD FAITH PROPOSAL CRIPPLING SMALL INVESTORS AND COMPANIES SEEKING INVESTMENT WITH A FUTURE PROMISE OF LESS INFORMATION, 6 MONTHS LATE BEING AN OPTION 

HERB AARONS 
COMMUNITY FARM LENDER
