# Letter 1597 — Karin Ward

- **Date:** 2026-05-27
- **Role/Affiliation:** Individual
- **Stance:** Unclassified
- **Entity:** Unclassified
- **Rationales:** 
- **Source:** https://www.sec.gov/comments/S7-2026-15/s7202615-2534849.htm

---

Subject: File No. S7-2026-15
From: Karin Ward

Affiliation: 

Jun. 16, 2026

 
My name is Karin Elaine Ward. I am an attorney for another federal agency. I am in favor of maintaining quarterly reporting for companies on US exchanges. The UK and EU have already studied the issue of semi-annual reporting and they found no meaningful improvement in long term investment behavior. If you are trying to encourage long term investment behavior then you need to initiate discussions with the financial industry about how to educate the American population of the long term benefits of capital investments in the stock market. My father's first job out of college was as a gym teacher in Chicago, Illinois. He then started a job as a Coca-Cola salesman just as segregation was coming to an end. He always received a portion of his salary in Coca-Cola Stock. Throughout his 25+ years with the Coca-Cola company he never touched his stock until he had to pay for my college tuition. He liquidated his Coca-Cola stock and created a portfolio under the guidance with an investment manager. With those funds my parents were able to retire in physical and financial comfort. They really had the retirement of their dreams. It was more than they ever could have dreamed of when they were growing up in segregated communities in Knoxville, TN. Part of what helped the value of my father's stock to grow were the Cola Wars between Pepsi & Coca-Cola in the 1980s and 1990s. Coca-Cola' stock doubled as the stock split and tripled which is highly unusual for a stock. The key in attaining greater value from the Coca-Cola stock besides buying low was my father's ability to just hold the stock for over 20 years. When i was in middle school, my 7th grade teacher at Plum Grove junior high in the Chicago suburbs, wanted all of her students to learn how to build stock portfolios. At the time either the New York Times or the Wall Street Journal used to have a stock portfolio contest where professional and amateur investors had an opportunity to build a $100,000 mock stock portfolio. The performance was followed for about 4 to 6 weeks and then a winner was declared. Can you imagine the bragging rights on winning that contest. As students we did not enter the contest but we could sit on teams in our classroom and we could play along to create portfolios and watch out performance for the length of the contest. And we could compare our performance to those who were competing in the contest. My whole point with this story is not to just brag about my dad but to say if you want to encourage long term investment among the American population it begins with educating the American population. I have been able to learn about stock investing in school. I have worked for an investment management company in Chicago called Holland Capital Management where I could speak with investment managers and research analysts about their stock picks to see what they valued. I have even volunteered with the Securities and Exchange Commission after my first year of law school at Howard University school of Law. All of those experiences convince me of the value of quarterly reporting. When I worked at Holland Capital Management, not only did they pour over the quarterly reports issued by companies and participate in dog and pony shows sponsored by public companies. They also poured over the comments provided by Alan Greenspan who headed up the Fed at the time. We all know the speeches of those from the Fed are cryptic. My concern is that is you change from quarterly to semi-annual reporting then you are changing the nature of company reporting. I am concerned that company reporting may become as cryptic and challenging to decipher as fed press conferenes and speeches. I am certain you know of many ways to address long term investments but I throw my hat in the ring of encouraging greater efforts to educate the American population of the benefits of equity and bond investments.

But back to what happens when there is a change from quarterly reporting to semi-annual reporting, there is greater stock price volatility and over reaction when company reports are issued. Singapore which is a country where semi-annual reporting was implemented is currently trying to reverse course.

Compliance savings will be modest. There is a concern about legal and accounting fees as these fees only continue to rise. But those costs are modest in comparison of the cost of allowing scandals to linger and fester fro 6 months. There is a lot that can go wrong in 6 months but I suppose we know from scandals in the past whether they are Enron or Worldcom or Adelphia, the issues linger for years in plain site until the wheels come off the company and it tanks. I feel having quarterly reports helps to investigate those issues. If we move to semi-annual reporting there will be less information to determine what went wrong or what was hidden. YOur organization knows better then I do how you go about investigating a company when there is fraud or improprities, but certainly having a wealth of financial data filed with your organization must be helpful for determining what went wrong. Quarterly company reports should be maintained.

We have to be the wall that prevents a rush to the bottom when it comes to securities regulation. To argue that there is a global standard does no one any good if we do not address whether that global standard is the appropriate qualitative standard. The United States has one of the largest capital markets in the globe, for that reason so we ensure adequate oversight of the capital markets we should maintain quarterly reports. Rigourous discussion should be had regarding whether the volume of trades and capital that moves through transactions in this country is comparable for those countries who have semi annual reporting. 

We have to address the reality that the 10,000 hour rule is real. Most definitely this is the least securities laden argument that you might see. But I am resolute in this concept. The more we do something the better we become at it. Practice makes perfect is the idea here. One of my favorite documentary films is Jiro Dreams of Sushi. It is the story of a Japanese World War II veteran who returns to his home after World War II and he opens a sushi restaurant. Every day he wakes up, goes to the fish market, selects his fish for day, he returns to his restaurent to prepare the meals for the day. At one point in the film, Jiro says success is doing the same thing every day. Jiro Ono is a Michelin 3 star chef. He turned 100 years old in 2025 and he continues to do the same thing every day. At some point when he passes away one of his sons will take over his restaurant. My argument with this story is that we should not do less. We should do more or at the very least remain as we have it with our current quarterly reporting process. We gain a certain expertise by doing the same thing every day. We gain expertise, skill and craftmanship when we maintain what we have created. There is a certain predictability which businesses like. We (businesses and indivdual invstors alike) are familiar with the quarterly reporting process. I worry about how people may take advantage of the semi annual reporting process. The 10,000 hour rule is real there are no short cuts. When we reduce from quarterly reporting to semi-annual reporting we reduce the number of hours we can accrue in developing expertise in this craft. I would encourage us to maintain the quarterly reporting process. I have nature photography as hobby. This is another area where the 10,000 hour rule becomes apparent. The more nature photos i take in various types of light of various types of topographies the better i become at the craft. More in some respects is better than less. 

Ultimately why do I care. Some of pondered that if there are fewer company reports it will change the trajectory of the stock market. Some state it could result in lower performance redults. As someone who spent about 20 years being underemployed in retail jobs before returning to an attorney position. I like many others have made our investments into the capital markets by relying on information contained in quarterly reports. At this point, I am investing as much as i can in the capital markets to just have a normal retirement. To be able to have a home that is paid off and to be able to take care of medical costs. I am a single female who more than likely will not marry at this stage of my life since I am in my late 50s. I have 15 years left to work and save for my retirement. Certainly I am vested in my projections. But my projections are based on a quarterly reporting process not a semi-annual process. I worry about the instability (price volatility) that will be introduced into the capital markets with a new reporting process that investment managers have to learn to manage that investors have to learn how to manage. I am concerned about this volatility when we have relative stability in our capital markets. Reliability can be good. So, I am concerned because I am an investor in the capital markets and I hope to have enough money to retire. Nothing lavish. I hope to grow my own vegetables. I hope I have a home with a yard somewhere in the Midwest with a garden. I hope to garden year round (a small greenhouse). Nothing lavish. I care because it impacts my future as well as other investors. 

Sincerely, Karin E Ward
