# Letter 1667 — Mark Banish

- **Date:** 2026-05-27
- **Role/Affiliation:** Individual
- **Stance:** Unclassified
- **Entity:** Unclassified
- **Rationales:** 
- **Source:** https://www.sec.gov/comments/S7-2026-15/s7202615-2436088.htm

---

Subject: File No. S7-2026-15
From: Mark Banish

Affiliation: 

Jun. 7, 2026

 
SEC I hope that you will thoughtfully consider the following comments in opposition to S7-2026-15. 

Has it not been proven, time and time again, that American companies, public and private alike, are too greedy to possibly operate without the minimum of oversight that is currently in place? 

I sure think this has been proven without a shred of doubt. 2008. Financial crisis that almost brought down the entire financial system caused by lack of oversight and greed. 

2012. Superstorm sandy fraud. Caused by lack of oversight and greed. 

2020-2021. COVID and the PPP loan debacle. It's like you people have the memory of goldfish or simply refuse to learn from your egregious mistakes! 

TIME AND TIME AGAIN, decisions are made by a select few, behind closed doors and far removed from those harmed directly by their actions, at companies all over this country, COMPANIES THAT NO LONGER CARE FOR THEIR WORKERS. These companies only care about shareholder sentiment and share buybacks. Well, these callous, greedy decisions continue to hurt and disadvantage American families all over the country, while these same companies pull in record quarterly profits and while these very same companies lobby and cry to Congress and other lawmakers about how they are hindered by too much oversight, too much regulation. 

TIME AND TIME AGAIN, these companies skirt environmental regulation through careful use of loopholes and back room payoffs, kickbacks and fancy meals and trips to sleazy senators who stand to profit from the perpetuation of this very system. They continue to build their data centers without doing actual legwork, due diligence of any kind, or engage in dialogue with their local communities. These companies have absolutely no regard for the downstream consequences of their actions, and it's reached a point where they no longer even feign an effort to appear that they do! 

TIME AND TIME AGAIN, we have seen what happens when these companies are permitted to operate without the minimum of PUBLICLY VISIBLE oversight currently in place. 

TIME AND TIME AGAIN, it's proven to us that there is not one single company in this nation, not one, publicly traded or not, operates in such a way that would indicate to a rational observer that even the slightest amount of honesty or transparency could reasonably be expected in the absence of such oversight. 

Ending the quarterly reporting will only serve as impetus for these companies to reinvest in wrongdoing, tax evasion, wage theft, pollute without conscience or consequence, and engage in all manner of shady, sleazy tactics in their neverending quest for more and more money, and this will serve to further alienate and disenfranchise the population, if that were even possible. You can practically smell the guillotine blade oil we are so close to a flashpoint. It is sheer madness to even consider this, with the quality of American businessmen and businesswomen today. 

For reference, how many American business owners have proven they will do the wrong thing EVERY TIME with less supervision and stole money already with the PPP loan program? 

The very idea that the SEC could even consider rolling back reporting requirements serves as evidence that today's SEC turns a blind eye to insider trading and scheming, is no longer willing or able to carry out its mission and mandate and is not able, in its current state, to faithfully fulfill its duty to serve the American people. For SHAME. 

WE, THE PEOPLE deserve better, and our children deserve better. 

Mark Banish 
Embarrassed citizen. 
[REDACTED]
