# Letter 1859 — Benjamin

- **Date:** 2026-05-27
- **Role/Affiliation:** Individual
- **Stance:** Unclassified
- **Entity:** Unclassified
- **Rationales:** 
- **Source:** https://www.sec.gov/comments/S7-2026-15/s7202615-2439166.htm

---

Subject: File No. S7-2026-15
From: Benjamin

Affiliation: 

Jun. 7, 2026

 
Dear SEC,

    I am Benjamin, a student at a community college who is mostly unable to afford college by myself.
    I currently have most of what little money I have in an account at Robinhood so that I can make up for any fees my financial aid doesn’t cover through retail investments.
    This new change from quarterly to biyearly filings will significantly delay and reduce the information I have to make my investments.
    While optional, this change greatly benefits large and small companies whose owners and shareholders benefit from insider trading, as they get information monthly through shareholder meetings while I only get information every 6 months.
    This gives more time for the company to cook the books to appear better than they are or for major shareholders to safely divest from a failing company before retail investors can.
    This will also drive retail investors to make choices based more and more on hearsay, making the market much more bolder than it already is.
    While these problems exist without this change, this change will only exacerbate these problems by lengthening the time between public information releases.
    Instead I propose reducing the amount of time between public financial statements down to as little as once every month to reduce market volatility and the risk of major insider trading.

Sincerely,
Benjamin
