# Letter 1891 — MK CFA

- **Date:** 2026-05-27
- **Role/Affiliation:** Individual
- **Stance:** Unclassified
- **Entity:** Unclassified
- **Rationales:** 
- **Source:** https://www.sec.gov/comments/S7-2026-15/s7202615-803719-2440306.html

---

Subject: File No. S7-2026-15
From: MK CFA

The proposed change eliminating quarterly reporting requirements for public companies is inexcusable-  I can not think of a single reason to relax reporting requirements which are crucial to public trust and market efficiency. 

If the argument is that quarterly reporting encourages short-term decision-making or that quarterly reporting is too onerous, that doesn't hold up. Executives are always supposed to act in the best interest of shareholders, and there's no reason why quarterly reporting would lead an ethical executive to act any differently- if the issue is ethics, that's not something that can or should be addressed with reporting frequency. As far as level of effort, staying with the status quo does not cause any increase in work. 

As far as market efficiency is concerned, there is a very real and significant risk for relaxing reporting requirements. Markets are most efficient when they incorporate a greater volume and greater accuracy of information. By eliminating quarterly reporting, the SEC is proposing restricting both the volume and accuracy of information available to the public. This means that investors of all categories are flying blind and cannot access the information they require to inform their investment decision-making.  This hurts pensions, retirees, and nearly everyone who participates in US equity investing. 

In addition, requiring less accountability through less frequent reporting also creates a risk of unethical behavior because the public will have less visibility into the activities of publicly traded companies. Circling back to my point from earlier, this proposed change creates a larger, not smaller risk of unethical behavior. You can't control the number of unethical executives out there with this kind of change, but you can control how they are monitored. 

Sometimes I feel like the world is going insane and I cannot do anything to make an impact, but I had the write this comment anyway. 

MK CFA
