# Letter 1897 — Anonymous

- **Date:** 2026-06-16
- **Role/Affiliation:** Individual
- **Stance:** Unclassified
- **Entity:** Unclassified
- **Rationales:** 
- **Source:** https://www.sec.gov/comments/S7-2026-15/s7202615-2546117.htm

---

Subject: File No. S7-2026-15
From: Anonymous

Affiliation: 

Jun. 16, 2026

 
To whom it may concern, 

I recently read in regards to the above mentioned proposed rule that based on page 130 " the Commission proposed to amend the rules related to periodic reporting under the Exchange Act to allow certain reporting companies to meet their interim reporting obligations either by filing quarterly reports or semiannual reports at the election of the company.296 If adopted as proposed, a reporting company that elects semiannual reporting would file one semiannual report and one annual report for each fiscal year, filing its interim report on a new semiannual form within 40 or 45 days (depending on filer status) after the fiscal year’s first semiannual period end." 

I am opposed to this change! It would seriously impact the retail investor. As a retail investor and relying heavily on our 401Ks and IRAs for retirement, we are in need of up to date information regarding issues, which may effect a company. It is bad enough that current information is already stale and we are getting 3 months delayed data. It would make it extremely difficult to gauge the health of a company and any progress, if it were delayed 6 months. 
In this day and age of technology, the SEC should be requiring more up to date requirements and reporting, not pushing it backwards. 

Thank-you 
Sam Snyder 
179 S. Main St. 
Yoe, PA. 17313
