# Letter 1948 — David Henry

- **Date:** 2026-06-07
- **Role/Affiliation:** Individual
- **Stance:** Unclassified
- **Entity:** Unclassified
- **Rationales:** 
- **Source:** https://www.sec.gov/comments/S7-2026-15/s7202615-2439694.htm

---

Subject: File No. S7-2026-15
From: David Henry

Affiliation: 

Jun. 7, 2026

 
As a long-term investor and a trader, I find it absurd and probably corrupt at the SEC is advancing. The idea of requiring profits to be reported only every six months. 

I can only imagine that this will reduce the public confidence in the trading system and the stock exchanges. There will be sharp discoveries that caused stocks to drop unexpectedly only because you’re not releasing good information. 

Where the hell did this idea come from? Certainly not from anyone who wants the Market to have the high confidence of it users end of the world at large. 

My name is David Henry, a resident of Arizona. 
I have owned two businesses, but I’m consulting now. 

David Henry 
609-436-9753 
609-947-1319 +52 415-188-9573 

“The simple step of a courageous individual is not to take part in the lie. 
One word of truth outweighs the world.” 
Aleksandr I. Solzhenitsyn 

“If you tell a lie big enough and keep repeating it, people will eventually come to believe it,” Joseph Goebbels 
Reich Minister of Propaganda 
(for Adolph Hitler, 1933 - 1945) 

"The election was stolen. Everybody knows it." 
Donald Trump 
(These claims by Trump's legal team.were thrown out by every court in every state because Trump's legal team was unable to provide any evidence at all.) 

Curiosity has its own reason for existence. One cannot help but be in awe when he contemplates the mysteries of eternity, of life, of the marvelous structure of reality... Never lose a holy curiosity. 

Albert Einstein
