# Letter 2017 — Jared Sapp

- **Date:** 2026-06-07
- **Role/Affiliation:** Individual
- **Stance:** Unclassified
- **Entity:** Unclassified
- **Rationales:** 
- **Source:** https://www.sec.gov/comments/S7-2026-15/s7202615-2439008.htm

---

Subject: File No. S7-2026-15
From: Jared Sapp

Affiliation: 

Jun. 7, 2026

 
My name is Jared Sapp, I am an engineer but also an investor. Companies should remain required to provide quarterly earnings reports and guidance. This is not a burden as they already need to keep their financial accounting up to date. I regularly read the quarterly reports of the companies that I invest in and examine if they are keeping consistent guidance or rapidly changing guidance. This frequent check-in lets me determine their ability to develop and stick to long term strategies. I have had several times where a company has made drastic decisions in a short period of time and only by the quarterly report was I able to glean if I should remain invested or divest. I can think of many rapidly developing situations, such as tariff announcements, pandemics, and wartime scenarios where it is paramount to see as quickly as possible if a company can make the right adjustments to their business to thrive. By going to 6 month update windows, our public market will no longer be served by public information, opening the door for mismanagement at best and grift and scandal at the worst. In a period of rapidly accelerating change, a 6 month reporting period is a foolish idea that will only hurt investors and the American economy.
