# Letter 2209 — Megan Jeanne

- **Date:** 2026-06-30
- **Role/Affiliation:** Individual
- **Stance:** Unclassified
- **Entity:** Unclassified
- **Rationales:** 
- **Source:** https://www.sec.gov/comments/S7-2026-15/s7202615-913519-2800193.html

---

Subject: File No. S7-2026-15
From: Megan Jeanne

Changing the corporation reporting schedule from quarterly to semi-annual will do a great disservice to consumers, the market, and shareholders of the reporting companies.  I practice corporate and securities law so I help clients prepare and review securities filings.  While I understand the expense and time involved in preparing the periodic reports, requiring companies to prepare public reports and financials on a quarterly basis not only provides transparency to investors that do not have a private line of communication with management of their investments, but it also helps to prevent manipulation of the marketplace by requiring clear reviewed financial statements; plain English discussions of the company's ongoing operations; and descriptions of potential risks to the company, all certified under threat of substantial penalties and liabilities by the persons who are best-positioned to know this information.

Extending the time period for reporting from every three months to every six months gives bad actors a much longer window to conduct malfeasance before a report is required to be published.  Additionally, the longer reporting window also gives regular market investors less of an insight into what a company is actually doing behind the scenes.  Most investors do not have the ability to call up management of a company in which they are a smaller shareholder to ask what is going on - they find out information at the same time as the rest of the market when a periodic report is filed.  The SEC should be requiring more transparency, not less, from company that rely on public investment and take the money of ordinary citizens.  If a company's management does not want to provide disclosures to the public and investors about what they are doing, they are free to take the company private and remain a private company.  A company should not be allowed to avail itself of the benefits of the stock market without also accepting that it needs to provide information and transparency in return.

We do not need to go back to the time of the robber barons and Enron when management of companies could do whatever they wanted, little people be damned.  The SEC was created and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 was enacted specifically to require oversight and periodic reporting by companies taking advantage of the stock market to help prevent another confluence of events that led to the largest stock market crash in history.  Congress saw what happened when companies were allowed to operate without oversight - stocks were inflated beyond any reasonable measure, the public was encouraged by such inflation to speculate, the bubble burst, and the entire economy paid the price.  We cannot afford repeats of Black Thursday, Black Tuesday, or Black Monday.  Transparency and more-frequent reporting are key to helping avoid market manipulations and crashes.

Keep the quarterly reporting requirements of companies under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
