# Letter 2266 — James M. collins

- **Date:** 2026-06-28
- **Role/Affiliation:** Individual
- **Stance:** Unclassified
- **Entity:** Unclassified
- **Rationales:** 
- **Source:** https://www.sec.gov/comments/S7-2026-15/s7202615-902360-2747755.html

---

Subject: File No. S7-2026-15
From: James M. collins

My name is Jim Collins.  I retired in the fall of last year following thirty-eight years of public service. Â I sincerely hope that the SEC will NOT play games with the investments of the American people by modifying the quarterly reporting requirements that assure some level of transparency and accountability and help inform investment decisions. 

As a recent retiree, I've made my life course decisions based upon the knowledge that our investment system has appropriate transparency through mandated legal quarterly reporting that must be conducted under the authority of company executives. This reporting offers a level of accountability that contributes to my investment decisions. Â History has shown that lacking this reporting negatively impacts on the prosperity of the market for the majority of Americans. 

As a public servant for thirty-eight years, I consistently saved toward a retirement that will allow me to continue to live in comfort and provide for my family. Â The accountability of quarterly reports has played a significant role in my investment decisions. Â These reports help moderate the risk that is inherent in all investment decisions. Â Now, in my retirement years, that accountability becomes even more critical to maintain the investments I have made and support the lifestyle that I have earned.

The only interests served by halving the reporting frequency are the interests of the corporate elite who are the ones whose actions lead to the need for these rules in the first place. Â It makes no sense to lessen that requirement. Â The lives and livelihoods of millions of investors are at stake. Â Transparency and accountability are critical to the protections of our public investments.

DO NOT CHANGE THE QUARTERLY REPORTING REQUIREMENT.
