# Letter 2269 — Aileen Curfman

- **Date:** 2026-06-28
- **Role/Affiliation:** Individual Investor
- **Stance:** Unclassified
- **Entity:** Unclassified
- **Rationales:** 
- **Source:** https://www.sec.gov/comments/S7-2026-15/s7202615-902539-2748498.html

---

Subject: File No. S7-2026-15
From: Aileen Curfman

To the Securities and Exchange Commission: 

I strongly urge you to reject Rule S7-2026-15. This rule would be harmful for investors. With many investments, even quarterly reports are barely enough to follow changes that affect my investment decisions. Semiannual reporting would deprive me of more up-to-date information that makes it possible for me to fund my retirement wisely. 

This is particularly true for smaller and less well-known companies, which are often more volatile. The tendency for individual investors like me would be to stick to larger companies, discouraging the growth of smaller companies and undermining the free enterprise system which has been the basis of this nation's success. 

Companies are complaining that the quarterly reports create too much work. With the current automated accounting systems, the reports are designed in advance, and pulling new reports four times a year instead of twice a year adds very little work. The information in those reports is valuable to the company as well as to the investors, as it guides (or should guide) the company's financial decision making process.

In short, semiannual reporting would benefit no one except for the few insiders who have first hand knowledge of a company's financial performance. It's bad for investors, bad for the economy, and it contradicts the principles of full disclosure and fairness in the marketplace. 

Please reject Rule S7-2026-15 and do not adopt it.
