# Letter 2270 — Deena Ackerman

- **Date:** 2026-06-28
- **Role/Affiliation:** Individual
- **Stance:** Unclassified
- **Entity:** Unclassified
- **Rationales:** 
- **Source:** https://www.sec.gov/comments/S7-2026-15/s7202615-902659-2749033.html

---

Subject: File No. S7-2026-15
From: Deena Ackerman

Quarterly reporting is a terrible idea. I rely on those reports to make sure my taxes are paid and my end of year planning is in order.  It is not reasonable for me to place so much blind trust in my broker. I am small potatoes, and not where firms and brokers will focus their energy.  A half-yearly "check-in" with me takes away one of my few planning tools. In this world where people like me must accumulate our own retirement security (largely through defined contributions and tax preferred savings vehicles), it is unfair and exploitative to leave us blindly trusting a firm and its (revolving) staff. 

I have always paid any tax on my investments out of current income to limit cash in the accounts and enforce additional savings. Will there simply be funds sent to IRS on my behalf without my having a chance to be part of that conversation? Will I have to start keeping cash in my accounts to avoid a quarterly sell-off (perhaps at the wrong time) because there will be no reporting to me? I am unsure how this will work without usurping some of my control over my own funds.

Thank you for your attention. Please remember your regulatory role is ultimately to protect ordinary Americans.
