# Letter 360 — Anonymous

- **Date:** 2026-05-27
- **Role/Affiliation:** Individual
- **Stance:** Oppose
- **Entity:** Individual
- **Rationales:** FR, IP
- **Source:** https://www.sec.gov/comments/S7-2026-15/s7202615-789779-2394706.html

---

Subject: File No. S7-2026-15
From: Anonymous

As a citizen of this great country and an investor having even less visibility on companies in an environment that is already under heavy scrutiny from corruption is a terrible idea that seeks only to harm those not in the know. In my personal life I am a cost analyst for an oil and gas company and quarterly reporting is extremely important to help catch issues before they bloom out of control. Having semi-annual reporting means issues that could have serious negative effects on companies could fester and spread like rot without anyone being none the wiser. It is far more likely that this shift to a semi-annual reporting would have a grander negative effect on this great country than any of the proposed upsides being presented by its supporters. I would even go so far as to say I would strongly recommend that we move in the opposite direction going so far as to call for monthly reporting. This is of course a rather extreme change and simply my personal opinion, but not that much more extreme than what is being suggested here. I submit this comment with my full support against amendment: S7-2026-15, Semiannual Reporting and pray that it does not come to fruition. 

Sincerely,
A citizen of the United States of America
