# Letter 461 — Charles D

- **Date:** 2026-05-27
- **Role/Affiliation:** Individual
- **Stance:** Unclassified
- **Entity:** Unclassified
- **Rationales:** 
- **Source:** https://www.sec.gov/comments/S7-2026-15/s7202615-785407-2385414.html

---

Subject: File No. S7-2026-15
From: Charles D

I am vigorously opposed to the proposed Rule S7-2026-15 and any other proposal that would diminish in any way the sacred obligation of a publicly traded company to communicate with its investors on a regular basis, in good faith, with the utmost transparency. We investors rely heavily on frequent updates concerning the performance of our investments in order to make meaningful, timely decisions that impact the financial health of ourselves and our children. We have many bills to pay: rent or home mortgages, utilities, groceries, school tuition, clothing, transportation, taxes, to name but a few. As a retired physician I have no sympathy for the complaints of corporate compliance officers who decry the onerous burdens of regulatory obligations. Yes, they take time and extra effort, but they were put in place to ensure the safety of the public, especially from unscrupulous, malicious third parties. When critical decisions need to be made, more information is always better than less. During surgical procedures, the patient's vital signs are continuously monitored. Not once at the beginning and once at the end. As long as the trend of frequently reported data is acceptable, this frequency of reporting does not deter the surgeon from the initial objective or force the surgeon to concentrate on short-term goals. On the contrary, a constant awareness of the patient's condition, which if stable or improving, reassures the surgeon to continue the operation as planned and see it through to completion. What pilot would say, "I need to look at the altimeter and fuel gauge less."? A dead one. Patients, passengers, people, investors included, need to be protected by those whom we have entrusted to do it. Please do not abrogate your solemn duty to protect investors.
