# Letter 471 — Ed. Brill

- **Date:** 2026-05-27
- **Role/Affiliation:** Individual Investor
- **Stance:** Unclassified
- **Entity:** Unclassified
- **Rationales:** 
- **Source:** https://www.sec.gov/comments/S7-2026-15/s7202615-791899-2397387.html

---

Subject: File No. S7-2026-15
From: Ed. Brill

As an individual investor I believe for the SEC to reduce the frequency of public reporting requirements for businesses would be a huge step backward. I and other individual investors use those reports to make informed investment decisions. Investors need more and better information upon which to make investment decisions not less. If anything the frequency of today's quarterly reporting should be increased to every 2 months or even monthly.

Businesses have (or should have) the data for today's quarterly reporting available to them on a daily or weekly basis. Why not share it immediately with investors?

Why report twice a year? For which half years would be required? Spring and fall, i.e. first and last calendar halves? Or winter and summer? Many, perhaps most, manufacturing and service businesses have calendar cycles peculiar to each industry. Information on these seasonal variations is essential for making informed investment decisions.

Why not just once a year? Require annual reporting only without any interim reporting. At least information for calendar cyclic businesses would be directly comparable.

Better yet, let's go back a hundred years to the good old days, without reporting requirements and abolish the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) altogether and simply promote saving money "in a mattress"!
