# Letter 547 — Vicki Kroc

- **Date:** 2026-05-28
- **Role/Affiliation:** Individual
- **Stance:** Oppose
- **Entity:** Individual
- **Rationales:** AU, IA, IP, MF
- **Source:** https://www.sec.gov/comments/S7-2026-15/s7202615-2400026.htm

---

Subject: File No. S7-2026-15
From: Vicki Kroc

Affiliation: 

May 28, 2026

 
To the SEC regarding File # S7-2026-15: 


I am a member of an investment club that is part of the National Association of Investment Clubs (NAIC). The proposal to reduce the number of certified financial filing each year by half is NOT what we want as investors. Having these filings reviewed by independent auditors and then signed by the CEO and CFO of our holdings is critical to our ability to make better decisions on what companies we invest in and even more importantly to time our purchase decisions and sales decisions during each and every quarter of the year. We place our trust in these filings and along with our own research and analyses are the guidelines for those decisions. 


Our club meets monthly and most of the stocks in our portfolio are reviewed each month. Waiting 6 months for every financial filing would make our investment decisions extremely difficult to do in a timely manner. Over the more than 30 years our investment club has been "in business" we know the value of making purchase and sales decisions in a timely manner. Without these certified filings how can we do that with any confidence? 


Each of our members invest regularly within the club, but we are also private investors. We are funding our retirements and the education of our children and grandchildren with our investments. Why would you make this more difficult for us? If it is in the effort of saving money, consider taking a small pay cut before hindering investors who support these companies. We truly believe in the companies we support, please help us by providing timely and accurate reporting of their efforts. 


Vicki 


Vicki Kroc 
Financial Analyst 
Abundance Strategist Investment Club 
Member NAIC
