# Letter 666 — Elizabeth Scott

- **Date:** 2026-05-27
- **Role/Affiliation:** Individual
- **Stance:** Unclassified
- **Entity:** Unclassified
- **Rationales:** 
- **Source:** https://www.sec.gov/comments/S7-2026-15/s7202615-799999-2420967.html

---

Subject: File No. S7-2026-15
From: Elizabeth Scott

I am not in favor of the SEC File Number S7-2026-15 which would allow public companies to switch from quarterly reporting (Form 10-Q) to semiannual reporting (the newly proposed Form 10-S). I am not in favor of this switch due to three major areas of concern. 

First, this would greatly decrease transparency for investors. Many investors (retail and institutional) rely on the quarterly filings to make informed decisions regarding investing. With a six-month gap, it leaves these investors vulnerable financial risk. 

Second, this would increase the risk of insider trading and information asymmetry. Currently, public investors have already seen the impacts of insider trading on the financial investments (ex. Tesla, DoorDash, Apple, etc) and this proposal would allow for corporate insiders to have a greater significant advantage over public investors due to their access to financial knowledge before the public is even aware. 

Lastly, even if the SEC makes quarterly reports optional, top-tier companies might feel pressured by Wall Street to continue releasing quarterly data voluntarily to appease analysts. If only struggling or opaque companies opt into the semiannual schedule, using Form 10-S could inadvertently become a "red flag" to investors, defeating the purpose of the rule change. 

In summary, these above concerns are why I do not approve or support the SEC File Number S7-2026-15. Thank you for your time and please take into consideration my comment.
