# Bayo Olabisi

- Date: 2026-05-09
- Role: University of Pennsylvania Wharton School Alumni
- Entity: Individual investor
- Stance: Oppose
- URL: https://www.sec.gov/comments/S7-2026-15/s7202615-771987-2362814.html

---

Subject: File No. S7-2026-15
From: Bayo Olabisi

I think this idea of 10-S reporting is not a good policy in terms of trust in corporate financial disclosures. The US stock market is a shining example for the world, it runs on up to date information about listed companies and accurate, timely reports of business activities, forecasts are often updated during these quarterly reports.

The quarterly reporting system has worked for decades and isn't broken. And the pace of new financial information in the era of AI is only getting faster, all while the burden of reporting isn't more onerous. We have seen the markets react with volatile surprise to delayed economic information release by days or weeks on the part of government, one can only imagine the double surprise from an extra quarter of delay by listed companies.

Change is good, but not every change is including this one. To change a working system in order to allow a few potentially unscrupulous entities to take advantage will make it difficult for the investing public to understand essential status of their business activities, and to make an apples to apples assessment of how their businesses are doing.

Even if SEC is persuaded a small group of investment fund companies and perhaps others will anticipate this semiannual report model works for them, it could do a trial run of it for this group to see how stock markets react to it. But making the option available to the entire market without a careful experimental dry run carries more risks than rewards - less transparency, less inter/intra sector comparability, more potential for fraud, and malfeasance. These are concerns for the regulatory oversight and a trusted reporting system.
