# Letter 430 — Steve Thurston

- **Date:** 2026-05-24
- **Source:** https://www.sec.gov/comments/S7-2026-15/s7202615-787179-2389787.html

---

Subject: File No. S7-2026-15
From: Steve Thurston

Semi annual reporting means that it is much easier to manipulate and hide issues, leaving investors with less information about performance.  That is exactly what the companies want - less accountability.  They don't want investors to hold the execs accountable.  Executives will love that policy.  Investors hate it.  It also makes it easier for insiders to execute manipulation strategies (check out my big new bonus), and also strategies to profit off outside betting for/against the company (which is out of control).  I have been in two different national CPA firms over my career (retired now).  This is giving the fox the henhouse.  If you feel you must do this then I recommend scaling reporting requirements up.  The smaller companies can have more leeway that the bigger ones don't get.  Also, don't kid yourselves, many large companies have very advanced systems for financial tracking and they can soft close the books at any time.  If anything, with modern systems, big companies should have to report top line revenues monthly.  Believe me, they have the numbers already.
This is the same kind of whining that car companies do when they say they can't put catalytic converters in cars or they will go broke.  Just more "whine" for the regulators.   Don't be suckers.  Pay attention to the investors.  Recognize that modern systems are basically near real time.  That means there are less excuses than ever, for more excuses.  Do your job.
